CONTAINER NAME: user_authentication
1) As a User, I want to be able to signup in order to have an account.
2) As a User, I want to be able to login.
3) As a User, I want to logout from the account by clicking on the Navbar.
4) As a User, I want to be able to have access to my profile settings.
5) As a User, I want to be able to delete my account by clicking on a button from the profile settings page.
6) As a User, I want to be able to modify my email and password in order to change my credentials.

CONTAINER NAME: news_management
7) As a User, I want to see all recent news.
8) As a User, I want to filter Italian news by selecting from the menu of available countries.
9) As a User, I want to add to my favorite news all the news I'm interested in, in order to read them later.
10) As a User, I want to delete from my favorite news all the news that I'm no longer interested.
20) As a User, I want to see my collection of saved news.

CONTAINER NAME: ticket_management
11) As a User, I want to see available tickets for upcoming sporting events.
12) As a User, I want to filter Italian tickets by selecting from the menu of available countries.
13) As a User, I want to add to my collection all the tickets I'm interested in, in order to purchase them later.
14) As a User, I want to delete from my collection all the tickets that I'm no longer interested.
21) As a User, I want to see my collection of saved tickets.

CONTAINER NAME: favorites_management
15) As a User, I want to be able to delete all the news and tickets in my favorite list.

CONTAINER NAME: social_interaction
16) As a User, I want to send a friend request to another user, in order to add him to my friend list.
17) As a User, I want to check if someone has sent me a friend request, in order to accept or delete it.
18) As a User, I want to delete a friend from my friend list.
19) As a User, I want to find another user by email, in order to see his details.
22) As a User, I want to see my friend list, in order to see their details.
23) As a User, I want to be able to accept a friend request, in order to add the sender as a friend.
24) As a User, I want to be able to delete a friend request, in order to refuse the friend request.

CONTAINER NAME: frontend
